So let's take a closer look at how angler works together with foreigns.
Consider this for an SD HD male code of a form which you might use and there is nothing angler's specific
about this code.
It's normal HDMI all code which you would place your HMO documents to maybe display a form like this
with an input for the username and the input for the e-mail address.
Now as mentioned in the last vid you angler's job now is to allow you to retrieve the values the user
entered here and also to check some other things like is the form Bela's did the user enter valid information
and all that of course will happen in Javascript in typescript So on the angularity side of your app
you could say.
So you somehow need to be able to parse the values the user enters and you somehow need some javascript
object representation of your form in your typescript code to work with.
So does object code look something like this.
It is more complex than reality.
But these would be the key features we need for example we need to have the value of the form and there
would be Calvin if we would have key value pairs where the key refers to the name of the input.
Like for example name or email as specified in the HMO code and then it holds the value of the user
entered.
Does that make it super simple for you to work with these values in your typescript code and to do something
with the values the user entered.
It might also be helpful if some meta data was stored like for example if the form is valid and this
would be changed to false.
For example if the email address wouldn't be a valid email address this is what Engler does for you.
It allows you or it gives you actually such a javascript object representation off your form making
it simple for you to retrieve user values and to see the state of the form and you work with it.
Now in the next lectures we're going to take a detailed look and we will understand how exactly it works
how we can configure it what we can do with it how we can reset it and much more